[Music]
you are watching the blue brought to you
by Mountain Dew voltage this week I'm
here with Pat Cassels gizmo toes Adam
fruity and we are interactive for
building in Manhattan home of the
world's largest and highest resolution
TV screen and as you can see we came
here to play video we're gonna start so
we started thinking what are some video
games that would make you nauseous and
the first thing that came to mind was
the recent Mirror's Edge
so Adam you were in Kirby's boat Oh a
daddy o'clock if you had to guess how
many projectors and mirrors would you
say are used on this screen at least a
dozen this thing is ignorance
the correct answer is 21 projectors and
42 years I don't really know what that
means or what they do but that's what's
going on back here so you said you
played you played on screens almost this
big but not quite I've played I played
video games on the Panasonic hunter
50-inch plasma
it's the biggest plasma screen TV in the
world and that's like what how much of
that is that is that maybe half the size
of this and that's $140
how does a hundred and 50 inch TV
compared a vegetable like when does it
stop mattering but is it just too big
what I mean when it gets so big like
this Xbox can't
the pixels of the size of this ticket
probably a little too big to the Xbox
credit though this looks pretty good
yeah let's satisfy everyone's childhood
desire and just blow through a few retro
games on the biggest screen in the world
because this is a one-time opportunity
if you got to get everything in data
notes as big as basically r56 that's all
I got it I got it
this is the setup that a bad guy yeah I
bet if he showed this to the guys from
that documentary king of Kong they would
all clean their pants ha ha ha
like this is the ultimate that peasant
squeeze because it's there's a woman in
when you blow the game up this big in HD
you can actually see miss pac-man's got
little feet underneath running
so guys what if we learn from our
excursion to the enormous television I
definitely felt I was feeling that was
definitely the big screen didn't make it
or uh intense experience I think if you
are a rich dude who has a half a million
dollars to spend on TV then you're in a
pretty sweet situation with and then
like another two hundred to spend on the
next box and then like give it a
pac-man's four dollars right there's
like Iowa Robins money we've got five
hundred thousand two hundred and fifty
four dollars you are reset you can
highlight it we could recommend it more
you can row like we do on the blue who
we're here no one else here
[Music]
anyway